feat(immutable): serve python sysext from local PXE like other sysexts (#567)
sighupio/fury-distribution: docs/releases/unreleased.md

- [[#553](https://github.com/sighupio/distribution/pull/553)] EKSCluster: added schema validation to require at least one of `privateAccess` or `publicAccess` to be `true` in the Kubernetes API server configuration.
- [[#554](https://github.com/sighupio/distribution/pull/554)] Monitoring: bump PrometheusAgent version to 3.10.0
- [[#566](https://github.com/sighupio/distribution/pull/566)] Immutable: nodes can now boot on a segment without a DHCP server. furyctl derives an initramfs `ip=`/`nameserver=` kernel argument from a node's static interfaces, and a new optional node `kernelArguments` field (`shouldExist`/`shouldNotExist`, mirroring Butane's `kernel_arguments`) lets you set kernel arguments explicitly.

> - [[#567](https://github.com/sighupio/distribution/pull/567)] Immutable: the Python sysext is served from the local PXE server like the other sysexts, so air-gapped nodes no longer fetch it from the public Flatcar server at boot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [[#567](https://github.com/sighupio/distribution/pull/567)] Immutable: the Python sysext is served from the local PXE server like the other sysexts, so nodes no longer fetch it from the public Flatcar server at first boot.
```
